“Don’t dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Spend your energy moving forward together towards an answer.” Dennis Waitley
“The only thing a person can ever really do is keep moving forward. Take that big leap forward without hesitation, without once looking back. Simply forget the past and forge toward the future.” Alyson Noel
“If you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” Martin Luther King Jr
“When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.” Alexander Graham Bell
“The answer to every adversity lies in courageously moving forward with faith.” Edmond Mbiaka
“If we fail to adapt, we fail to move forward.” John Wooden
“Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.” Napoleon Bonaparte
“Life is like riding a bicycle, to keep your balance, you must keep moving.” Albert Einstein
“There are things that we never want to let go of, people we never want to leave behind. But keep in mind that letting go isn’t the end of the world, it’s the beginning of a new life.” Dennis Opoku Amponsah
“Your past does not equal your future.” Anthony Robbins
“Even a rock moves on.” Anthony Liccione
“You can’t expect to move forward if your emergency break is on.” Angela Cecilia
“The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.” Steve Maraboli
“March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life’s path.” Kahlil Gibran
“You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.” Martin Luther King, Jr.
“I demolish my bridges behind me…then there is no choice but to move forward.” Fridtjof Nansen
“You are always a student, never a master. You have to keep moving forward.” Conrad Hall
“In a moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing to do, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.” Theodore Roosevelt
“Life moves on and so should we.” Spencer Johnson
“If you’re not moving forward, you’re falling back.” Sam Waterson
“Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.” Jim Rohn
“Time is an equal opportunity employer. Each human being has exactly the same number of hours and minutes every day. Rich people can’t buy more hours. Scientists can’t invent new minutes. And you can’t save time to spend it on another day. Even so, time is amazingly fair and forgiving. No matter how much time you’ve wasted in the past, you still have an entire tomorrow.” Denis Waitley
“We must be willing to let go of the life we’ve planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” Joseph Campbell
“A very wise man once told me that you can’t look back – you just have to put the past behind you, and find something better in your future.” Jodi Picoult
“We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things because we’re curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.” Walt Disney
“Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.” Leo Buscaglia
“Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.” Swedish Proverb
“The simplification of life is one of the steps to inner peace. A persistent simplification will create an inner and outer well-being that places harmony in one’s life.” Peace Pilgrim
“Peace is the result of retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be.” Wayne Dyer
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.”  Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Tough times never last, but tough people do.” Robert H. Schuller
“It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all, in which case you have failed by default.” J.K. Rowling
“Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and, above all, confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained.” Marie Curie
“A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing.” George Bernard Shaw
“Make up your mind that no matter what comes your way, no matter how difficult, no matter how unfair, you will do more than simply survive. You will thrive in spite of it.” Joel Osteen
“A man may fail many times but he isn’t a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.” John Burroughs
“In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.” Albert Camus
“Although no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.” Carl Bard
“Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that’s what makes you strong.” Sarah Dessen
“If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.” Flavia Weedn